In this lecture, we are going to create the bank account aggregate by now, you can tell that the aggregate
is the primary component in a command API.
It is where the commands are handled, the events are raised, the state of the aggregate is altered,
and the events are stored to the event store and published to the event.
Plus, of course, the publishing of the events to the event pass and the storing the of in the event
store are totally abstracted by the action framework.
That is why it was selected to ensure that we can focus on the business logic of a bank card domain,
navigate to the aggregates package under the command API project, create a new class and call it account
aggregate.
Let's start by annotating it with the aggregate annotation, as well as the no ox constructor annotation.
Again, we will add a field for the aggregate ID and we will annotated with the aggregate identifier
annotation to market as the reference to the account aggregate that X1 uses to know which aggregate
a given command is targeting.
Also, add a field for the account holder ID
and another field for the balance of type double.
The first command that we are going to handle is the open account command.
It is also the command that is going to create the aggregate.
Therefore, we need to handle it on the constructor of the account aggregate.
Go ahead and add the command handler annotation on the constructor of the account, aggregate in the
constructor.
We will pass the open account command.
We will basically handle the open account command in the constructor, therefore let's raise an account
open event.
We can use the bulldozer to initialize the new instance, set the ID.
Also said the account holder, Idy, that we get from the command,
it's also said the account type.
It's also set a creation date, basically just a new date, and it will take daytime now.
And then set the opening bell is.
And then you can invoke Bolt so that it returns the constructed account open event object now to notify
the rest of the application that the bank account was opened.
We need to invoke aggregate life-cycle that apply to publish the account open event to the event.
Yes.
OK, let's create an event saucing handler method for the account opened event.
Start by annotating it with the event sourcing hand annotation so that Exon knows that the annotated
method should be called.
When the aggregate is sourced from its events, all event sourcing handlers together will form the aggregate.
They are responsible for changing the state of the account aggregate.
We will use the account, open the event to change the state of the aggregate.
First we will set the aggregate idy.
Then we will set the account holder idee.
As well as the balance, we will use the opening balance on the account open event to set the initial
balance.
Then let's create another command had a method one for handling the deposit funds command.
First, let's creates an amount variable and then we'll get the amount from the command object, but.
And then we'll use the funds deposited event builder to construct the funds deposited event object first
set the ID,
also set the amount.
Also, go ahead and set the balance.
We will use the current balance of the aggregate and add the amount that we have deposited.
And then you can call the boat to return the constructed funds to positive event and then to publish
the funds, the positive event, the event, plus we can invoke aggregate life-cycle that apply now
for each event sourcing hand the method again at the event sourcing handler annotation.
They need to handle the funds deposited event.
And we will basically alter the balance by adding the amount that was passed with the funds deposited
event.
Now, our third command has limited will be for handling the withdraw funds command.
So, again, let's assign the amount to amount variable
and then we'll add a condition to see if the balance minus the amount is smaller than zero.
And if it is through a new illegal state exception, then add a message such as withdrawal declined
insufficient funds.
But if there is enough money in the account, they will use the funds withdrawn event builder to construct
the Funfest drawn event again, set the ID,
then the amount.
Also set the balance, take the balance on the aggregate minus the withdrawal amount.
And then to publish the fans with an event in aggregate life-cycle that apply, then we are going to
add an event sourcing handler method for the fans with drawn event.
We are basically going to use the funds withdrawn event to alter the state of the aggregate again,
this time we will update the balance by deducting the withdrawal amount.
And then our final command handling method will be one for handling the close account command.
Again, we will use the account closed event builder to construct the account closed event, set the
ID and then invoke Bolt to return the constructed account closed event again, aggregate life-cycle
that apply to publish the closed account command to the event pass.
And then finally, let's add an event sourcing handler method for the account closed the event
when the account closed.
The event is handled.
We will actually use it to mark the aggregate as deleted.
By invoking the aggregate life cycle that marked the lead method instead of the applied method.
So now we have completed the implementation of count aggregate.
Let's build our project.
And everything should build successfully.